Update the Swan Lake alpha4 release note for language changes (#132)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-release: release-notes/swan-lake-alpha4-release-note.md

#### New Features

##### Support for Relational Expressions With All Ordered Types

Relational expressions (`<`, `>`, `<=`, and `>=`) are supported with all [ordered types](https://ballerina.io/spec/lang/draft/v2020-12-17/#ordering). The static type of both operands must belong to the same ordered type.

> ##### Support for inferring the `typedesc` argument of a dependently-typed function from the contextually expected type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Support for Inferring the `typedesc` Argument of a Dependently-Typed Function from the Contextually-Expected Type
```
This is too long for a heading. Either we can rephrase it or make it a bullet point.

Author: Will try and rephrase it. But I don't think we can make any arbitrary heading a bullet point. Don't we use bullet points only if we don't have to describe the change in detail + all the content under that particular area is specified as bullet points?

Author: Changed the capitalization, but as discussed offline, kept most of the heading as is since it's quite difficult to describe the feature by removing any of the other words.

> When the default value of a `typedesc` parameter of a dependently-typed function is `<>` and an argument is not provided for the parameter when calling the function, the argument will be inferred from the contextually expected type of the function call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the default value of a `typedesc` parameter of a dependently-typed function is `<>` and an argument is not provided for the parameter when calling the function, the argument will be inferred from the contextually-expected type of the function call.
```

Author: Updated in 37da79a.

```ballerina
function func(typedesc<anydata> td = <>) returns td = external;

public function main() {
    // The argument for `td` is inferred to be `int`.
    int value = func();
}
```

#### Improvements

> ##### Dependently-typed lang library functions that infer the argument from the contextually expected type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Dependently-Typed Lang Library Functions that Infer the Argument from the Contextually-Expected Type
```

This is too long for a heading. Either we can rephrase it or make it a bullet point.

Author: Changed the capitalization, but as discussed offline, kept the heading as is since it's quite difficult to describe the feature by removing any of the current words.

The `cloneWithType`, `fromJsonWithType`, `fromJsonStringWithType`, and `ensureType` lang library functions are dependently-typed functions for which the `typedesc` argument will be inferred from the contextually-expected type if it is not passed as an argument.

```ballerina
import ballerina/io;

type Person record {|
    string name;
    int age;
|};

public function main() {
    map<anydata> anydataMap = {name: "Amy", age: 30};

    // The `typedesc` argument is inferred to be `Person`
    // based on the contextually expected type.
    Person|error result = anydataMap.cloneWithType();
    io:println(result is Person); // Prints `true`.
}
```

> ##### The return type of `lang.value:cloneReadOnly` is a subtype of `readonly`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### The Return Type of `lang.value:cloneReadOnly` is a Subtype of `readonly`
```
Headings can't be complete sentences. This should either be rephrased or we can make it a bullet point.

Author: Updated in 37da79a.

#### New Features

> ##### Support for Relational Expressions With All Ordered Types

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
##### Relational Expressions With All Ordered Types
```

Relational expressions (`<`, `>`, `<=`, and `>=`) are supported with all [ordered types](https://ballerina.io/spec/lang/draft/v2020-12-17/#ordering). The static type of both operands must belong to the same ordered type.

> ##### Support for Inferring the Argument of a Dependently-Typed Function from the Contextually-Expected Type

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
##### Inferring the Argument of a Dependently-Typed Function from the Contextually-Expected Type
```

When the default value of a `typedesc` parameter of a dependently-typed function is `<>` and an argument is not provided for the parameter when calling the function, the argument will be inferred from the contextually-expected type of the function call.
```ballerina
function func(typedesc<anydata> td = <>) returns td = external;

public function main() {
    // The argument for `td` is inferred to be `int`.
    int value = func();
}
```

#### Improvements

> ##### Dependently-Typed Lang Library Functions that Infer the Argument from the Contextually-Expected Type

Reviewer 2: Is this the same as the one we listed earlier? 

Support for Inferring the Argument of a Dependently-Typed Function from the Contextually-Expected Type

Author: Nope, this is an improvement to the langlib that is based on the one listed earlier.

> ##### Dependently-Typed Lang Library Functions that Infer the Argument from the Contextually-Expected Type

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
##### 
Improvements to the Dependently-typed Lang Library Function that Infer the Argument from the Contextually-expected type. 
```

Author: The improvement was to infer the argument. How about something like

```md
Improvements to Dependently-Typed Lang Library Functions to Infer the Argument from the Contextually-Expected Type
```

Reviewer 2: +1

The `cloneWithType`, `fromJsonWithType`, `fromJsonStringWithType`, and `ensureType` lang library functions are dependently-typed functions for which the `typedesc` argument will be inferred from the contextually-expected type if it is not passed as an argument.

```ballerina
import ballerina/io;

type Person record {|
    string name;
    int age;
|};

public function main() {
    map<anydata> anydataMap = {name: "Amy", age: 30};

    // The `typedesc` argument is inferred to be `Person`
    // based on the contextually expected type.
    Person|error result = anydataMap.cloneWithType();
    io:println(result is Person); // Prints `true`.
}
```

> ##### Improvement to the Return Type of `lang.value:cloneReadOnly`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
##### Improvements to the Return Type of `lang.value:cloneReadOnly`
```

Author: Do we need to say improvements even if it is just one improvement?

Reviewer 2: I think it's the same as saying
Changes to xyx instead of Change to xyz.

Author: Okayy, updated.

#### Ballerina Packages Updates

### Breaking Changes

> - Unused variables declared with `var` where the inferred type includes error result in a compilation error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Unused variables declared with `var` in which the inferred type includes an error result in a compilation error.
```

Author: "in which" isn't quite correct here. The variable is is what we are talking about. Can we say "of which"?

Re: "an error", we are talking about the type here. Will emphasize error maybe.

Reviewer: +1

Author: Updated in 37da79a.

- The `error<*>` syntax has been removed.
- Relational expressions are no longer supported with numeric values when the static types of the operands belong to different ordered types.
- The `indexOf` and `lastIndexOf` functions of the `lang.array` lang library cannot be used with values that do not belong to `anydata`.

> - An object used as the iterable value in a `foreach` statement or a `from` clause must be a subtype of `object:Iterable`.

Reviewer 3: Shouldn't this include `join` clause as well?

Author: Yeah I think it should be included. @KRVPerera, can you please confirm? This seems to be the current behaviour in the implementation too, we should probably add a negative test if we don't have one already.

```suggestion
- An object used as the iterable value in a `foreach` statement, a `from` clause, or a `join` clause must be a subtype of `object:Iterable`.
```

Reviewer 4: I agree with the change. BTW query expression is more generic.

Author: Changed in 67a18eb.

Author: Went with adding the join clause because we would have to mention both query expressions and actions separately if not.

- The `RawTemplate` type is now a distinct type.
- The filler value of the `decimal` type is now `+0d`.
- The `lang.value:fromJsonFloatString` and `lang.value:fromJsonDecimalString` lang library functions now return `lang.value:JsonFloat` and `lang.value:JsonDecimal` respectively.
- Completion type `C` in `stream<T, C>` has been changed from `error|never` to `error?`. `stream<T>` is equivalent to `stream<T, ()>`. `stream<T>` and `stream<T, error>` are assignable to `stream<T, error?>`.
- Annotations with the `service` attach point cannot be used with service classes.

> - Checking keywords (`check` and `checkpanic`) are allowed in a statement only if the statement is a call statement (i.e., when the expression is a function or method call).

Reviewer 5: We need to include "Reduced precedence of trap expression."

Author: Added in 67a18eb.

#### Ballerina Packages Updates

### Breaking Changes

> - Unused variables declared with `var` of which the inferred type includes subtypes of `error` result in a compilation error.

Reviewer 2: This is hard to understand. Is it correct to say the following? 
```suggestion
- A compilation error occurs if the inferred type of unused variables that are declared with `var` includes subtypes of `error`. 
```

Author: How about 
```suggestion
- A compilation error occurs if the inferred type of an unused variable that is declared with `var` includes a subtype of the `error` type.
```

Reviewer 2: +1
